README.md, before:

# pokerproject


This is the List of remaining things to check for in my final PSI 1 and PSI 2 submission:

PSI 1
- use Math Class (Math.pi .... in RNG class)

- format String with Escape sequences "\t" and/or "\n" (In Array Application class and others I believe)

- Use +,-,*,/,%,++,--,+= (mostly on my RNG class but some are in other classes)

- Use relational and Conditional statements I put or statements ("||" was used in PSI 2 Class) and for relational I put not equal to 
("!=" was used in PSI 1 under switch statement)

- Describe operator precedence as a comment (PSI 1 Class)

PSI 2
- Polymorphism (view comment on Main class nexts to objects)

- Make a class in seperate file with private fields(I have it in both a text file and a java file as of now because I realized I misinterpreted the rubric, Its in OtherFile class and OtherFile txt)

- Use if and if/else and ternary operators (one for sure in PSI 1)

FINAL
(If somehow my overall allows me to get at least 20 pts. to 40 pts. on the Concepts question be mindful)

Commit message:

READ THIS PROFESSOR
This should help you quickly reference my project and find all the remaining things without over viewing the entire reference sheet.
I put the exact location of the requirements in the READme

README.md, after:

# pokerproject


This is the List of remaining things to check for in my final PSI 1 and PSI 2 submission:

PSI 1
- use Math Class (Math.pi .... in RNG class)

- format String with Escape sequences "\t" and/or "\n" (In Array Application class and others I believe)

- Use +,-,*,/,%,++,--,+= (mostly on my RNG class but some are in other classes)

- Use relational and Conditional statements I put or statements ("||" was used in PSI 2 Class) and for relational I put not equal to 
("!=" was used in PSI 1 under switch statement)

- Describe operator precedence as a comment (PSI 1 Class)

PSI 2
- Polymorphism (view comment on Main class nexts to objects)

- Make a class in seperate file with private fields(I have it in both a text file and a java file as of now because I realized I misinterpreted the rubric, Its in OtherFile class and OtherFile txt)

- Use if and if/else and ternary operators (one for sure in PSI 1)

FINAL
(If somehow my overall allows me to get at least 20 pts. to 40 pts. on the Concepts section of the Final Int Project Submission be mindful)
